README.md, before:

# Instructions:

- Tested in Unity 2019.3.15
- Requires ProBuilder to be installed from the Unity package manager.
- Open Main Unity scene and utilise and modify the first person controller as you wish, utilising ProBuilder will make it easy to modify according to your game.


# Completed:

- Lock cursor = COMPLETE
- Mouse Look = **NO LONGER COMPLETE**
- Rotate Player = COMPLETE
- Camera Pitch = COMPLETE
- Clamp up and down = COMPLETE
- Speed = COMPLETE
- Movement = COMPLETE
- Jump = COMPLETE
- Ground Check = COMPLETE
- Hide crosshair = COMPLETE


# To Do:

- Have Camera act as parent object
- Crouching (with raycasting extra)
	- Ceiling raycast
- Shooting projectiles from the player (Raycasting?)
- Melee Attack from the player
- Pick up objects
- Interact with objects, e.g. pressing a button


# Issues To Solve:

- Mouse Look no longer working, where I have now fixed the previous collisions with wall issue. I need to make it so the first person controller has camera relative movement, therefore making the *camera move relative (Camera Relative Movement)* to the mouse position.

Commit message:

Added delta time to end of two lines of code which has helped the issue of going through walls but has not solved it.

README.md, after:

# Instructions:

- Tested in Unity 2019.3.15
- Requires ProBuilder to be installed from the Unity package manager.
- Open Main Unity scene and utilise and modify the first person controller as you wish, utilising ProBuilder will make it easy to modify according to your game.


# Completed:

- Lock cursor = COMPLETE
- Mouse Look = **NO LONGER COMPLETE**
- Rotate Player = COMPLETE
- Camera Pitch = COMPLETE
- Clamp up and down = COMPLETE
- Speed = COMPLETE
- Movement = COMPLETE
- Jump = COMPLETE
- Ground Check = COMPLETE
- Hide crosshair = COMPLETE


# To Do:

- Have Camera act as parent object
- Crouching (with raycasting extra)
	- Ceiling raycast
- Shooting projectiles from the player (Raycasting?)
- Melee Attack from the player
- Pick up objects
- Interact with objects, e.g. pressing a button


# Issues To Solve:

- Player is able to look through walls and solid objects when running right into them up close, thus if going in at the right angle can still go through walls and solid objects.
